Dart :

Dart is a modern, object-oriented programming language developed by Google.
It is designed for building high-performance, cross-platform applications.


await      ,	base        ,	    break	      ,     case
abstract   ,	as          ,	    assert        ,    	async 3
catch      , 	class       ,       const	      ,     continue
covariant  ,	default	    ,       deferred      ,    	do
dynamic    ,	else	    ,       enum	      ,     export ,
extends    ,	extension   ,	    external      ,    	factory ,
false	   ,    final (var)	,       final (class) ,    	finally
for        ,    Function    ,	    get           ,    	hide ,
if	       ,    implements  ,	    import        ,    	in
interface  ,	is	        ,       late          ,    	library ,
mixin      ,	new	        ,       null	      ,     of ,
on         ,	operator    ,	    part          ,    	required ,
rethrow    ,	return	    ,       sealed        ,    	set ,
show       ,	static      ,	    super	      ,     switch
sync       ,	this	    ,       throw	      ,     true
try        ,	type        ,	    typedef       ,    	var
void	   ,    when        ,	    with	      ,     while
yield     

Finished :


Data Types :

1.Numbers (int, double)
2.Strings (String)
3.Booleans (bool)
4.Records ((value1, value2)) -  bundle multiple objects into a single object
5.Lists (List, also known as arrays)
6.Sets (Set)
7.Maps (Map)
8.Runes (Runes; often replaced by the characters API)

Collection and Iterable

A collection is an object that represents a group of objects, which are called elements. 
An Iterable is a collection of elements that can be accessed sequentially.
   

Generics :

Generics in Dart are a powerful feature that allows you to write classes, methods, and 
functions with types that can be specified later.

Typedef :

A type alias—often called a typedef - is a concise way to refer to a type.

Class & Objects: 

. Every object is an instance of a class, and all classes except Null descend from Object.

Constructors:

1.Generative constructors: 
2.Default constructors: 
3.Named constructors: 
4.Constant constructors: 
5.Factory constructors: 
6.Redirecting constructor:

Factory Constructors

Factory constructors can't access this.

The constructor doesn't always create a new instance of its class. 
Although a factory constructor cannot return null, it might return:
    1. an existing instance from a cache instead of creating a new one
    2. a new instance of a subtype


Mixins

Mixins are a way of defining code that can be reused in multiple class hierarchies.

Mixins can't have extends or with clauses, so neither can a mixin class.
Classes can't have an on clause, so neither can a mixin class.

use with to use mixin 
Mixins can have implements

Enums

Enumerated types, often called enumerations or enums, are a special kind of class
used to represent  a fixed number of constant values.

Extension

extensions allow you to add new functionality to existing classes 
or libraries without modifying their source code.



